parrot risk racing we take three things
pretty seriously
motocross mud and mud wrestling today we
are going to focus on the first two
topics so pay attention when dealing
with mud it is important to know how it
affects your bike of course there's the
obvious it makes a dirty and dirty
number plates can't be read the same
goes for your sponsor logos more
significantly it is vital to understand
how mud affects the performance of the
bike an engine packed with mud will tend
to overheat quicker and the added weight
from excess mud will negatively impact
your bike's power suspension tuning and
overall handling how can something so
fun be so bad regardless it has to be
dealt with whether you are riding on the
track or on the trail you are eventually
going to pack every nook and cranny of
your bike with wet sticky mud and
removing the excess mud is always a
dirty task
historically riders have used
screwdrivers sticks or their bare hands
to try and free their bikes from a thick
coat of mud all of these methods are
inefficient and slow even when using a
power washer
luckily
introducing the risk racing mud ax
the mud axe is specifically designed to
make removing excess mud from your
dirtbike quad or UTV quick and easy the
head of the mud axe is shaped to make
Swift work offenders as well as hubs and
wheels the pic on the other end of the
mud axe is perfect for clearing foot
pegs brake pedals engine base spokes
suspension linkages and any other tight
spot that mud finds its way into the
ergonomic arched design of the body is
great for scraping the inside of your
fender while keeping your hand out of
the muck the over molded rubber handle
on this tool ensures a firm and
comfortable grip finally the mud axe is
an extremely robust tool constructed of
a heat-resistant glass reinforced
plastic composite this makes it
extremely durable and safe to use on hot
engines and exhausts so keep the risk
racing mud axe in your toolbox and
remember keep those number plates clean
and those sponsor logos cleaner oh and
if you ever see us out of the track come
by and say hi I'll be the one playing in
the mud
you